Updates the auotmated release process with new documentation workflow (#577)
ansible-community/ansible-build-data: docs/automated-process.md

    The notification includes a link to the page where the upload step can be
    approved.

> 2. To create the porting guide PR in the ansible-documentation repository, trigger [the automated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If a porting guide exists in the `ansible-build-data` PR, trigger [the automated
```

Reviewer: workflow name should match what is in the Actions tab in the docs repo.

   workflow](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/actions/workflows/release-porting-guide.yml)

>    on the **Actions** tab of the repository. This workflow has the following inputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   on the **Actions** tab of the `ansible-documentation` repository to create the porting guide PR. This workflow has the following inputs:
```

>     * **Release Branch name**. Specify the name of the branch from the newly created [ansible-build-data](https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/) PR for the release, for example: `refs/pull/576/merge`.

Reviewer 2: If you want to keep the res/pull/576/merge example, how about adding something like `This branch refers to the current state of Pull Request #576 in the ansible-build-data repository. You need to adjust the number to the PR's number.`

>     * **Release Branch name**. Specify the name of the branch from the newly created [ansible-build-data](https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/) PR for the release, for example: `refs/pull/576/merge`. This branch refers to the current state of Pull Request #576 in the ansible-build-data repository. You need to adjust the number to the PR's number.

Reviewer: I feel like I'm fundamentally missing something here. I think I already commented that all the most recent branch names are something like `publish-12.0.0b1` . So why is the branch name here `refs/pull/<PR>/merge`?  Also looking at recent porting guide creation runs, they end in `head` instead of `merge`.

Not saying these instructions are incorrect. I'm just trying to understand why the branch name isn't ... the branch name showed in the GitHub UI, and why it says merge here and head in the recent runs of the workflow.

    * **Exact release version**. Specify a release version such as `11.2.0` or `12.0.0rc1`.
    * **Use the workflow from** the **Branch: devel** `devel` is selected as the branch by default. Do not edit this while doing the release. This option is there to test the workflow itself.

   The process will create a PR in the [`ansible-documentation`

>    repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/).The release manager needs to check the Porting Guide PR once manually and un-draft to change the status to 'ready to review.' Afterwards, the [ansible-community/release-management-wg

Reviewer 3: Not to be too pedantic here but "un-draft" isn't a word. You could probably drop that and say:

"and change the status to"

Reviewer 3: Also is there a purpose to say "once manually"? Why do we need to specify the number of times?

>     group](https://github.com/orgs/ansible-community/teams/release-management-wg)[^1] needs to be informed in [matrix](#release-management:ansible.com) about the PR. (pinged manually with a message like this - "There is a [Porting Guide PR](PR url), can someone please go ahead and have a look, review and merge it.")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    group](https://github.com/orgs/ansible-community/teams/release-management-wg)[^1] needs to be informed in [the Matrix #release-management room](#release-management:ansible.com) about the PR. (Write a message like this: `There is a [Porting Guide PR](PR url), can someone please go ahead and have a look, review and merge it.`)
```

>    The process will create a PR in the [`ansible-documentation`
>    repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/).The release manager needs to check the Porting Guide PR and change the status to 'ready to review.' Afterwards, the [ansible-community/release-management-wg
>     group](https://github.com/orgs/ansible-community/teams/release-management-wg)[^1] needs to be informed in [the Matrix #release-management room](#release-management:ansible.com) about the PR. (Write a message like this: `There is a [Porting Guide PR](PR url), can someone please go ahead and have a look, review and merge it.`)

Reviewer 2: Later paragraphs of an item must be indented by 4, otherwise they're not indented at all:
```suggestion
    The process will create a PR in the [`ansible-documentation`
    repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/).The release manager needs to check the Porting Guide PR and change the status to 'ready to review.' Afterwards, the [ansible-community/release-management-wg
    group](https://github.com/orgs/ansible-community/teams/release-management-wg)[^1] needs to be informed in [the Matrix #release-management room](#release-management:ansible.com) about the PR. (Write a message like this: `There is a [Porting Guide PR](PR url), can someone please go ahead and have a look, review and merge it.`)
```
(https://ansible--577.org.readthedocs.build/projects/ansible-build-data/automated-process/#trigger-the-workflow)

    The notification includes a link to the page where the upload step can be
    approved.

2. To create the porting guide PR in the ansible-documentation repository, trigger [the automated
   workflow](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/blob/devel/.github/workflows/release-porting-guide.yml)

>    on the **Actions** tab of the repository. This workflow has the following inputs,

Reviewer 2: Why not also directly link to https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/actions/workflows/release-porting-guide.yml?

>    on the **Actions** tab of the repository. This workflow has the following inputs,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   on the **Actions** tab of the repository. This workflow has the following inputs:
```

Reviewer 3: @anweshadas Not sure why you marked this as resolved. When introducing a table or ordered list the sentence should end with a colon (`:`) not a comma (`,`).

>     * Release Branch name, the newly created [ansible-build-data](https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/) PR for the release needs to be specified. For example: `refs/pull/576/merge` for the Ansible 12.0.0b1 release.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * **Release Branch name**. Specify the name of the branch from the newly created [ansible-build-data](https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/) PR for the release, for example: `refs/pull/576/merge`.
```

>     * The next input is the release version, such as `11.2.0` or `12.0.0rc1`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * **Exact release version**. Specify a release version such as `11.2.0` or `12.0.0rc1`.
```

>     * You can also specify an existing branch (`devel` branch by default) to create the *draft PR* on the [ansible-documentation repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/).

Reviewer 3: Either I'm missing a field or this refers to the branch in the docs repo that holds the workflow file. I think this should always be `devel`.

Author: You are correct, the wording can be confusing here. Thank you @oraNod .
Originally the different input options for the branches were there to way to test without messing the `devel` in way. It can come in handy especially if there is an collaborative effort for testing release process without needing to have any personal fork. 
But as you pointed out correctly, this is unnecessary here, in the release process, where you do not need to test anything.

   The process will create a PR in the [`ansible-documentation`

>    repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/).The release manager needs to check the Porting Guide PR once manually and un-draft to change the status to `ready to review. ' Afterwards, it will wait for approval before continuing with uploading the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/).The release manager needs to check the Porting Guide PR once manually and un-draft to change the status to 'ready to review.' Afterwards, it will wait for approval before continuing with uploading the
```

   package to PyPI. All users in the [ansible-community/release-management-wg
   group](https://github.com/orgs/ansible-community/teams/release-management-wg)[^1]

>    has to be informed of the approval needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   have to be informed of the approval needed.
```

>    The process will create a PR in the [`ansible-documentation`
>    repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/).The release manager needs to check the Porting Guide PR once manually and un-draft to change the status to 'ready to review.' Afterwards, it will wait for approval before continuing with uploading the
>    package to PyPI. All users in the [ansible-community/release-management-wg
>    group](https://github.com/orgs/ansible-community/teams/release-management-wg)[^1]
>    have to be informed of the approval needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The process will create a PR in the [`ansible-documentation` repository](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/). The release manager needs to manually check the Porting Guide PR and change the status from 'draft' to 'ready to review.' Afterwards, it will wait for approval before continuing with uploading the
   package to PyPI. All users in the [ansible-community/release-management-wg
   group](https://github.com/orgs/ansible-community/teams/release-management-wg)[^1]
   have to be informed of the approval needed.
```

Reviewer 3: I don't really understand the meaning of "Afterwards, it will wait for approval before continuing with uploading the package to PyPI."

After the Porting Guide PR changes to 'ready to review' does that PR hold for approval until the PyPI upload is complete?

> 

Reviewer 2: Another important part is adding the right `backport-xxx` labels.

Author: > Another important part is adding the right `backport-xxx` labels.

Point number 4 in the current documentation mentions about this. Do you think that it should be mentioned in this section?

Reviewer 2: I guess it's OK for now. At some point the automation in ansible-documentation should add these labels automatically though.
